others say well now that we've had
religion we've tried that now let us
look for a new moral Foundation
once more David provides this third way
we don't have to be concerned about
moral foundations in religious moral
foundations and we don't need to be
concerned about secular moral
foundations we don't have to be
concerned about moral foundations
he'll get to a part about what morality
essentially consists of and how to
ensure that we can continue to improve
our morality
and might progress a morally just as
anywhere else
but here he's hinting about how morality
is different to other areas now other
areas are relevant to making moral
decisions but what morality is about so
I'll repeat what David has said there is
that morality or moral knowledge is
knowledge about what to want what to
strive for
so it's about the should it's about the
future it's about what we are trying to
achieve
what we should want